I retested the deployed site as it exists now and cross-checked the live UI against the current GitHub implementation. I need to slightly correct my earlier assessment.

I could directly verify that the production homepage loads, exposes the full intended workflow, and that /api/verify rejects ordinary GET access with 405 Method Not Allowed as expected for a POST-only endpoint. I could not issue arbitrary POST requests through my web-access interface, so I’m not going to falsely claim I personally clicked every button or obtained live POST responses. The rest below is based on the deployed surface plus the exact production source behind those controls.

My updated Razorpay reviewer verdict
I would shortlist this.

And after examining the actual build, I would raise my earlier impression of the overall product/demo quality, but I would lower the implementation score for a few concrete reasons.

Overall: 8.3/10
Reviewer area	Score
Problem / Razorpay relevance	9.0
Originality	8.5
Core engineering	8.5
Security / risk thinking	9.0
Evaluation methodology	8.5
Live demo / UX	8.5
Production realism	6.5
Technical consistency	7.0
Overall	8.3
What impressed me more after inspecting the actual build

The homepage really does present a coherent workflow:

User Terminal → AP2 mandate → Merchant Terminal → fulfillment → Razorpay Audit Log → appeal/resolution, plus a separate BYO Transaction tester and evaluation harness. The deployed app exposes all of those pieces rather than merely documenting them in the README.

The implementation also has good UX discipline. Merchant actions are disabled until a mandate exists, processing locks the controls, and the appeal/admin buttons are gated by transaction state.

The cryptographic evidence is particularly good for a buildathon: after mandate creation, the UI can expose the canonical payload, Base64 signature, public key, and an independent Node verification command.

That is the sort of thing that makes a reviewer think:

“This person expected me to inspect the claim, not just trust the screenshot.”

That is a strong positive.

But I found 4 things I would absolutely flag as a Razorpay engineer
1. Your main transaction flow does not use quantity verification

This is more important than I initially realized.

Your core evaluateFulfillment() absolutely supports quantity checks. It rejects a quantity mismatch before checking amount or SKU.

But your main page's merchant evaluation passes only:

sku
authorized_amount

and

sku
actual_amount

It does not pass quantity into evaluateDiff().

So there is a difference between:

what the engine supports

and

what the flagship end-to-end demo exercises.

That is a real reviewer observation.

My judgement

Not a rejection issue.

But if I were interviewing you, I'd ask:

“Your risk engine supports quantity mismatch. Why is quantity omitted from the main fulfillment path?”

You need a clean answer.

2. “FLAGGED — AUTO REFUND” is currently a simulated product action

The audit UI changes the transaction to:

FLAGGED — AUTO REFUND

when the evaluation rejects the fulfillment. But the UI code itself is only changing local React state. The appeal and admin resolution are also local state transitions.

Your README is actually honest that bank settlement rails are simulated.

So I would not call this a bad thing for a buildathon.

But I would phrase the product as:

“A prototype recourse/risk decision layer that simulates the downstream refund/settlement action.”

rather than implying that you've built a real Razorpay refund rail.

That distinction matters to a fintech reviewer.

3. The cryptographic verification exists, but the public /api/verify endpoint doesn't perform it

I checked this carefully.

Your actual verifyMandate() implementation does:

expiry check
nonce replay check
deterministic canonicalization
ECDSA signature verification
nonce recording

That's solid prototype logic.

But /api/verify itself imports and calls evaluateFulfillment(), not verifyMandate().

So the public API described as a verification endpoint is really your deterministic fulfillment-diff endpoint, not your full cryptographic mandate-verification endpoint.

That is the single biggest architectural mismatch I'd fix.

4. Your evaluation page is actually clever — but understand what it is calculating

This part is good.

The evaluation page dynamically calculates TP/FP/TN/FN from the raw dataset as you move:

Amount tolerance

and

SKU similarity threshold

sliders.

It then computes precision, recall, F1 and FPR directly from those classifications.

That's a legitimately nice buildathon feature because the reviewer can see the risk tradeoff, rather than you simply writing:

“Our model achieves 100% recall.”

And you explicitly distinguish the live held-out set from the tuning discussion, which is good statistical hygiene.

One thing I now like a lot

Your BYO tester is a good reviewer feature.

You aren't forcing me to follow your scripted demo.

The UI lets me enter:

authorized SKU
authorized amount
fulfilled SKU
fulfilled amount

and sends those to the live /api/verify endpoint.

That is exactly the type of feature I'd use during judging.

For example, I can test:

₹1000 → ₹1020

versus

₹1000 → ₹1021

and observe the policy boundary.

Your backend explicitly applies a 2% amount tolerance and 0.60 SKU threshold for this endpoint.

That's much stronger than a prerecorded demo.

However, I would NOT give you 9+ yet

Because right now I can see a few places where the presentation is slightly ahead of the implementation.

That's dangerous in a fintech project.

The strongest version of your submission would make this architecture absolutely unambiguous:

LLM
→ generates/represents agent behavior

Cryptographic layer
→ proves the mandate hasn't been tampered with

Deterministic policy engine
→ decides whether fulfillment is authorized

Recourse layer
→ triggers the downstream settlement/refund action

Right now those pieces exist, but the live code paths aren't perfectly aligned with that story.

If I were the Razorpay judge looking at your repository

I'd put you in this bucket:

🟢 SHORTLIST

Not:

🟡 “Interesting but incomplete”

And definitely not:

🔴 “AI wrapper / superficial hackathon project”

Your biggest strength is that you are solving a financial-risk problem with deterministic controls around an AI-driven workflow. The evaluation harness, adversarial fixtures, threshold analysis, and cryptographic evidence make that credible.

Your biggest weakness is that several pieces are prototype simulations rather than actual payment infrastructure, and there are a couple of places where the README/architecture story is broader than the live execution path.

My honest hiring decision

Would I reject it? No.

Would I shortlist it for the next stage? Absolutely yes.

Would I hire/select it as the winner purely from the build? Not automatically.

I'd want to see the 3–5 minute demo and then ask you technical questions.

And honestly, your ability to answer those questions may matter more than adding another feature now.

One final observation: the public GitHub repo currently shows 45 commits, with a lot of the latest work being corrective/hardening work rather than just cosmetic additions. That is a good engineering signal in a buildathon.










Yes. Crystal clear: you do not need 20 more features. To move this from my current ~8.3/10 to a realistic 9.5+, I would make 6 specific changes, in this order.

I’m judging this as a Razorpay Buildathon submission, where the goal is to convince an engineer/judge that the system is technically credible, risk-aware, demonstrable, and worth taking seriously.

🔴 PRIORITY 1 — Make the cryptographic verification actually part of the live decision path
Current problem

Your architecture says:

signed mandate → cryptographic verification → diff evaluation → recourse

But your /api/verify endpoint currently calls evaluateFulfillment() directly. It does not verify the ECDSA signature first.

That is the biggest gap between your story and your implementation.

Change it to
POST /api/verify
        ↓
Validate request schema
        ↓
Verify ECDSA signature
        ↓
Check expiry
        ↓
Check nonce / replay
        ↓
Evaluate fulfillment
        ↓
APPROVED / FLAGGED
        ↓
Explain exact reason

Then the API response should explicitly show:

{
  "cryptographicVerification": {
    "signatureValid": true,
    "nonceValid": true,
    "notExpired": true
  },
  "policyEvaluation": {
    "skuSimilarity": 0.827,
    "amountVariancePct": 1.5,
    "quantityMatch": true
  },
  "verdict": "APPROVED"
}
Why this matters

This turns:

“I built cryptography.”

into:

“The transaction cannot reach the approval decision unless the authorization itself passes cryptographic verification.”

That is a massive credibility upgrade.

Score impact

+0.4 to +0.6

🔴 PRIORITY 2 — Put quantity mismatch into the MAIN demo

Your engine supports quantity validation, but the flagship UI's merchant path currently doesn't feed quantity into the fulfillment evaluation.

That creates an ugly situation:

README: quantity is protected.

Engine: quantity is protected.

Demo: mostly demonstrates SKU + amount.

Fix that.

Your generated fulfillment should contain:

{
  "sku": "...",
  "actual_amount": 1200,
  "quantity": 2
}

And your UI should visibly show:

AUTHORIZED
SKU: iPhone 15 Pro
QTY: 1
AMOUNT: ₹99,999

FULFILLED
SKU: iPhone 15 Pro
QTY: 2
AMOUNT: ₹199,998

❌ QUANTITY MISMATCH

Then the reviewer immediately understands why this is a payment authorization integrity layer rather than a string-comparison demo.

Score impact

+0.2 to +0.3

🔴 PRIORITY 3 — Build a real "attack playground"

This is the single best demo improvement I would make.

Don't make the judge manually invent attacks.

Give them 5 buttons:

NORMAL TRANSACTION
₹1,000 → ₹1,000

FEE PADDING
₹1,000 → ₹1,150

SKU SUBSTITUTION
iPhone 15 Pro → iPhone 13 Mini

QUANTITY ATTACK
1 unit → 2 units

EXPIRED MANDATE
Valid → expired

Clicking each should execute the real engine.

Then show a forensic result:

━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
TRANSACTION #UAP-1042
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

MANDATE
✓ Signature valid
✓ Nonce valid
✓ Mandate not expired

FULFILLMENT
✗ SKU mismatch
✓ Quantity valid
✗ Amount +15%

DECISION
🚨 FLAGGED

PRIMARY REASON
Amount variance exceeds 2%

FINANCIAL EXPOSURE
₹150

ACTION
AUTO-REFUND QUEUED
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Why this is powerful

The judge stops reading about your project.

They start attacking it.

That is exactly what you want.

Score impact

+0.3 to +0.5

🔴 PRIORITY 4 — Add an actual immutable audit trail

You currently have an Audit Log UI, but for a 9.5+ project I'd make it much more technically convincing.

Every decision should produce an event:

{
  "eventId": "evt_82ab",
  "timestamp": "...",
  "mandateHash": "...",
  "payloadHash": "...",
  "signatureStatus": "VALID",
  "skuSimilarity": 0.571,
  "amountVariance": 15,
  "decision": "FLAGGED",
  "reason": "SKU_MISMATCH",
  "action": "REFUND_QUEUED"
}

Then chain the events:

Event 1 hash
     ↓
Event 2 includes hash(Event 1)
     ↓
Event 3 includes hash(Event 2)

You get a tamper-evident audit chain.

Call it something like:

Cryptographic Decision Ledger

Now your project has a second strong security property:

“Not only is authorization tamper-evident; the resulting risk decisions are tamper-evident.”

That sounds substantially more fintech-grade.

Score impact

+0.3

🟠 PRIORITY 5 — Fix every threshold inconsistency

This needs to be done before submission.

Your README says one thing in the general “What's Real” section, your current engine has another default, and /api/verify explicitly uses 0.60. The README currently describes the live baseline as 0.60, while also mentioning semantic diff tolerance above 0.80.

A reviewer should never wonder:

“Is the threshold 0.60 or 0.80?”

Make one source of truth:

export const POLICY = {
  skuSimilarityThreshold: 0.60,
  amountTolerancePct: 2.0,
  mandateExpiryHours: 24
};

Every part of the application imports this.

Then README says:

Production demo baseline: SKU similarity ≥ 0.60; amount variance ≤ 2%.

No contradictory numbers.

Also make the UI display:
ACTIVE POLICY
SKU ≥ 0.60
Amount ≤ 2%
Quantity = exact
Mandate TTL = 24h
Score impact

+0.2

But more importantly:

removes reviewer doubt.

🟠 PRIORITY 6 — Replace "100% accuracy" framing with a serious risk dashboard

Your evaluation page is already one of your better features. It dynamically shows TP/FP/TN/FN and distinguishes false positives from false negatives.

Take it one step further.

Display:

                    CURRENT POLICY

Recall                 100.0%
Precision               93.3%
F1 Score                96.5%
False Positive Rate     15.4%

────────────────────────────────

₹ RISK EXPOSURE

False Negative Cost      HIGH
False Positive Cost      MEDIUM

Preferred Policy:
MINIMIZE FN
subject to FPR < 20%

Then let the slider move the operating point.

This is much more impressive than:

Accuracy = 96%

because accuracy is usually a poor risk metric for imbalanced fraud problems.

Your current README already makes the excellent point that a false negative and false positive have asymmetric consequences.

Make that the centerpiece.

🟢 One extra feature I'd seriously consider: "Why was this blocked?"

This could become your wow factor.

When a transaction is rejected, show:

WHY DID WE BLOCK THIS?

┌──────────────────────────────┐
│ SKU similarity     0.571     │
│ Required           ≥ 0.600   │
│                              │
│ Amount variance    +15.0%    │
│ Allowed            ≤ 2.0%    │
│                              │
│ Quantity           1 → 1     │
│                              │
│ Signature          VALID     │
└──────────────────────────────┘

PRIMARY LIABILITY:
₹150 unauthorized increase

This is excellent for a risk-management product because the result is explainable.

What I would NOT waste time adding

These will barely move your score:

❌ More animations
❌ More gradients
❌ Another AI chatbot
❌ More LLM agents
❌ More random dashboard cards
❌ More README prose
❌ Login/auth just for appearance
❌ Kubernetes/Docker just to say you used it
❌ A giant database without a purpose

Your existing UI is already good enough.

The 9.5+ version I'd want to see

The final architecture should effectively look like:

                   AI AGENT
                      │
                      ▼
              ┌───────────────┐
              │   SIGNED       │
              │   MANDATE      │
              │ ECDSA + nonce  │
              └───────┬───────┘
                      │
                      ▼
          ┌──────────────────────┐
          │ CRYPTO VERIFIER      │
          │ ✓ signature          │
          │ ✓ nonce              │
          │ ✓ expiry             │
          └──────────┬───────────┘
                     │
                     ▼
          ┌──────────────────────┐
          │ DETERMINISTIC        │
          │ POLICY ENGINE        │
          │                      │
          │ SKU                  │
          │ AMOUNT               │
          │ QUANTITY             │
          └──────────┬───────────┘
                     │
              ┌──────┴──────┐
              ▼             ▼
          APPROVED        FLAGGED
              │             │
              │             ▼
              │       RECOURSE ENGINE
              │             │
              │      Refund / Review
              │             │
              └──────┬──────┘
                     ▼
             CRYPTOGRAPHIC
              AUDIT LEDGER
                     │
                     ▼
             RISK DASHBOARD

That is a very compelling architecture for this hackathon.

Your priority order

Do it exactly like this:

1. Fix /api/verify

Make cryptographic verification mandatory.

2. Add quantity to the real end-to-end path
3. Build 5-click adversarial attack playground
4. Add tamper-evident decision/audit records
5. Centralize all policy thresholds
6. Upgrade evaluation page into a risk/financial-exposure dashboard

Then stop.

My projected score
Current

~8.3

After 1 + 2

~8.9

After 3

~9.2

After 4

~9.4

After 5 + 6
~9.5–9.7

And importantly, that's not because you added lots of flashy stuff.

It's because the project becomes internally consistent, independently verifiable, adversarially testable, explainable, and much closer to a real risk-control architecture.

Your README already makes the right conceptual argument: autonomous agents create a post-authorization liability gap, and deterministic controls should sit between agent intent and settlement.

Your job now is to make the implementation prove that argument at every step.

That is the difference between “great hackathon project” and “this person understands payments engineering.”
